#***Reflection and Synthesis***

##**Feedback and decisions**

### ***Key Question #1: Ideation on website content and features***
After the completion of the statistical portion of our project with a focus on choosing which model to best represent our IMDb scores data, we are moving our focus to the software and website itself. Prior to the technical review session, we have decided to include a IMDb score generator with drop down menus and selections for the inputs of various predictors. Some of the creative suggestions we got during our ideation session include: adding a link to IMDb or Wikipedia as a ‘learn more’ option, a link to our ‘about the project’ github page, and a trailer for the movie. Some extension-like suggestions we got include seeing if the predicted rating is similar to the pre-screening reviews, showing how a model prediction changes over time, and incorporating suggestions for other movies based on interests and preferences. Another useful suggestion is to incorporate descriptions or captions of the input boxes for predictors, a summary or instructions page, and also specifications for the data format for the input boxes (i.e. ‘100 likes’ vs, just ‘100’). 

Moving forward, we will definitely include more guidance on what our project is and what the variables mean on our website to give users a more well-rounded idea of the software. We will focus on having a working software (having inputs and an output appear), then move on to add more aesthetics to the website including links to IMDb/Wikipedia and movie trailers. In terms of the extension-like suggestions people gave during the ideation, while there were some good ideas suggested, we may not be able to implement these given the time left we have to complete the project but will keep these suggestions in mind should we finish our software early. 

### ***Key Question #2: How to store data or connect data to the model***
We are currently building our software using Flask and the software only has user inputs. In order for the software to return the outputs, we have to integrate both database and codes of our statistical models. One of the ninjas suggested to use the Jinja, which is a Flask’s default template engine that allows the template designer to call functions with arguments on objects. Also, Anderson mentioned about how we can implement by using SQL based on the data frames we have. However, since we are using panda data frames, we do not think we will be using SQL to import database into our software development code. During the technical review session, Oliver mentioned that he will be going over how to store, or connect data to the software model because the other groups have similar issues as well. We will be incorporating lessons from the mini breakout session on Flask into building our software.


## ***Review process reflection***
Because our previous technical review focused too much on statistics and machine learning, our group decided that this time we focus on the software and website. Remembering how unenthusiastic other students were in answering our key questions from tech review #1, we decided to do idea generation session and let the audiences have more freedom in expressing their thoughts. We asked the class what other features they would like us to have on the website, and received a lot of good feedbacks such as giving more explanation on the variables we are asking the users to input. Our second question proved to be invaluable for other groups as well because there are 3 groups dealing with user inputs on the website and incorporating this with their own python program.

Once we reached this point of our technical review, we have used up all of our presentation time so we could not ask the group the third key question we had prepared. This is due to the fact that some of the answers we received ended up being really comprehensive such as the recommendation on SQL based data frames, which proved to be helpful in understanding the different packages/programs. Nonetheless, we have received a lot of recommendations from the idea generation part that also answer our third key question about possible project extensions. Outside of this, our team was able to stick closely to the rest of our planned agenda.

Overall, our technical review was really helpful in finalizing our remaining tasks and prioritizing what we have to do to successfully create a program that actually works and incorporate aesthetic features to our website. 
